all right I want to know what the most
accurate wearable is for counting steps
so last time I did this Thousand Steps
thing I had a bunch of different
SmartWatches on and this was the most
accurate one it was the pixel watch but
I want to know about the whoop which has
step counting in beta now or potentially
the Galaxy Ring smart ring or maybe it's
a phone in a pocket I've got an Android
phone in one pocket and an iPhone in the
other pocket and I've got a pedometer
here counting real steps also an Apple
Watch for good measure everything is
counting my actual steps let's see which
one's
closest 99 500 1 2 8 and 9
1,000 let's count all right so we've got
all final numbers and subtracted the
starting numbers for each to get exactly
how many steps accounted for my thousand
so I guess don't buy a $5 pedometer on
Amazon if you really want to an accurate
step count buy a smart ring